task NXP 32954 k8s app user guide (#2)
nuxeo/nuxeo-gcp-marketplace: README.md

```shell
cd deployer/chart/nuxeo-mp
```

##### Configure the app with environment variables

Choose the namespace and instance name for the application.

```shell
export NAMESPACE=mynamespace
export APP_INSTANCE=nuxeo
```

Configure the container image registry:

```shell
export REGISTRY=marketplace.gcr.io/hyland/nuxeo
```

Set up the image tag:

It is advised to use stable image reference which you can find on
[Marketplace Artifact Registry](https://marketplace.gcr.io/hyland/nuxeo).
Example:

```shell
export TAG="1.0"
```

If needed, expose the Service externally and configure Ingress:

```shell
export PUBLIC_SERVICE_AND_INGRESS_ENABLED=true
```

> [!WARNING] Warning about GKE Ingress

When using the built-in Ingress controller provided by Google Kubernetes Engine, [GKE Ingress](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/ingress), the `X-Forwarded-Port` request header is not set. Thus, you need to configure it as a [custom request header](https://cloud.google.com/load-balancing/docs/https/custom-headers#working-with-request).

Alternately, you can:
- Use another Ingress controller such as [NGINX Ingress Controller](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/).

> - Configure  [Cloud DNS for GKE](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/cloud-dns), in which case you need to set the `virtualHost` parameter of the `nuxeo` subchart with the DNS hostname, see [Install the Helm chart](#install-the-helm-chart).

Reviewer: For information:
- https://hyland.atlassian.net/browse/NXP-32992
- https://github.com/nuxeo/nuxeo-lts/pull/2632 (I'm doing a bit of rework)

Author: We can always remove this warning once the improvement is merged!

```

To view the app, open the URL in your browser.

#### Open your Nuxeo site

If the Nuxeo service is exposed externally, get the external IP of your Nuxeo server using the following command:

```shell
SERVICE_IP=$(kubectl get ingress "$APP_INSTANCE-nuxeo" \
  --namespace "$NAMESPACE" \
  --output jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].ip}')

echo "https://$SERVICE_IP/"
```

The command shows the URL of your Nuxeo site.

It is also possible to connect to Nuxeo without exposing it to public access.

To do this, you can connect from a container inside the Kubernetes cluster using the following hostname: `$APP_INSTANCE-nuxeo.$NAMESPACE.svc.cluster.local`.

You can also use port forwarding by running the following command:

```shell
kubectl port-forward svc/$APP_INSTANCE-nuxeo 8080:80 \
  --namespace "$NAMESPACE" \
```

Then, access the Nuxeo server with [http://localhost:8080/](http://localhost:8080/).

## Scaling

See the [Architecture](https://github.com/nuxeo/nuxeo-helm-chart/?tab=readme-ov-file#architecture) section of the Nuxeo Helm chart documentation.

## Back Up and Restore

> See the Nuxeo documentation abount [Backup and Restore](https://doc.nuxeo.com/nxdoc/backup-and-restore/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the Nuxeo documentation about [Backup and Restore](https://doc.nuxeo.com/nxdoc/backup-and-restore/).
```

## Upgrade the application

### Prepare the environment

> We recommend to backing up your data before starting the upgrade.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend backing up your data before starting the upgrade.
```

### Using the command line

#### Prepare the environment

Set your environment variables to match the installation properties:

```shell
export NAMESPACE=mynamespace
export APP_INSTANCE=nuxeo
```

#### Delete the resources

> **NOTE:** We recommend using a `kubectl` version that is the same as the
> version of your cluster. Using the same versions of `kubectl` and the cluster
> helps avoid unforeseen issues.

To delete the resources, delete the installed Application:

```shell
k delete application "$APP_INSTANCE" \
  --namespace "$NAMESPACE"
```

#### Delete the GKE cluster

Optionally, if you don't need the deployed application or the GKE cluster,
delete the cluster using this command:

```shell
gcloud container clusters delete "$CLUSTER" --zone "$ZONE"
```

## License

View [license information](https://doc.nuxeo.com/nxdoc/licenses/) for the software contained in the Nuxeo container image.

As with all container images, these likely also contain other software which may be under other licenses (such as Bash, etc from the base distribution, along with any direct or indirect dependencies of the primary software being contained).

> As for any pre-built image usage, it is the image user's responsibility to ensure that any use of this image complies with any relevant licenses for all software contained within.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As with any pre-built image, it is the user's responsibility to ensure compliance with all relevant licenses for the software included in the image.
```
